# Module-4--Pandas-Challenge


PyCity has 15 schools of which 8 are charter, and 7 are district school types. There is a total of 39,170 students in all 15 schools. Of all the students, 19735 are males and 19435 females. There are 11408 in 9th grade, 10168 in 10th grade, 9695 in 11th grade, and 7899 in 12th grade. The total budget for the whole district is $24,649,428. The average math score in the district is 78.99, the average reading score is 81.8. The percent of students passing math is 74.98%, reading is 85.81% and the combination of passing math and reading is 65.17%. The top 5 highest performing schools calculated by % overall passing are Cabrera High School, Thomas High School, Griffin High School, Wilson High School, and Pena High School. All top 5 schools are all charter schools. The lowest-performing schools are Rodriguez High School, Figueroa High School, Huang High School, Hernandez High School, and Johnson High School. All the lowest schools are district school types. All the schools are categorized by 3 sizes, small (less than 1000), medium (1000-2000), and large(2000-5000) in terms of students, the schools that are medium size perform better in terms of academically than the small or larger school size. The overall passing rate in medium schools is 90.62% vs. small size schools 89.88% and 58.28% in larger size schools. There are 2 types of schools in PyCity, charter and district. The charter schools performed better in academic metrics compared to district school types. 